very possible is very possible.
A good glass of Chateau of CHS are just sir.
Oh,
you're right there.
Over.
Aye.
Who would have thought 30 years ago we'd all be sitting here drinking
Chateau de Chasse?
Them days We're glad to have the price of a cup of tea?
Aye.
A cup of cold tea without milk or sugar or tea
in a cracked cup and all.
Oh,
we never used to have a cup.
We used to have to drink out of a roll of newspaper.
The best we could manage was to suck on a piece of damp cloth.
But,
you know,
we were happy in those days.
Although we were poor because we were poor.
Aye.
My old dad used to say to me,
Money doesn't bring you happiness,
son.
It was right.
I was happier then and I had nothing.
We used to live in this tiny old tumble down house with great big holes in the
roof and house.
You were lucky to live in a house.
We used to live in one room.
All 26 of us.
No furniture.
Half the floor was missing.
We were all huddled together in one corner for fear of falling.
You were lucky to have a room.
We used to have to live in the corridor.
Oh,
we used to dream of living in a corridor would have been a
palace to us.
We used to live in an old water tank on a rubbish tip.
We all woke up every morning by having a load of rotten fish dogged all over us
House.
Uh,
well,
when I say house,
it was just a hole in the ground covered by a sheet of tarpaulin.
But it was a house to us.
We were evicted from our hole in the ground.
We had to go and live in a lake.
You were lucky to have a lake.
There were 100 and 50 of us living in a shoe box in the middle of the road.
Cardboard box A.
You were looking.
We lived for three months in a rolled up newspaper and a septic tank.
We just have to get up every morning at six o'clock and clean the newspaper,
go to work down the mill 14 hours a day,
week in week,
out for sixpence a week.
And when we got home,
our dad was trash us to sleep with his belt luxury.
We used to have to get out of the lake at three o'clock in the morning.
Clean the lake,
eat a handful of gravel,
work 20 hours a day at Milford Twopence.
A month come home.
And Dad would beat us around the head and neck with a broken bottle if we were lucky.
Well,
of course we had it tough.
We used to have to get them out of the shoe box in the middle of the night and lick the road clean with our
tonnes.
We had to eat half a handful of freezing cold gravel.
Worked 24 hours of that mill for performance every six years.
And when we got home,
our dad would slice into it with a bread knife,
Right.
I had to get up in the morning at 10 o'clock at night,
half an hour before I went to bed,
eat a lump of coal poison,
work 29 hours a day down mill and pay me honour for permission to come to work.
And when we got home,
our dad would kill us and dance about in our grave singing Hallelujah!
And you try and tell the young people of today that and they won't believe you.
No,
they won't.